Rash comments bring painful regrets when Mercury is in last degrees today. If you must say it, to avoid distress, find a gentle way. Interesting, intriguing, memorable, even forgettable - glean personalities with astute character-reading capability when the Moon aspects Neptune tonight. Surprise! What you sense is what you get. Finally, you're on the mend, Aries. The minor ailments that have been dragging you down lately are beginning to disappear, and you're about to regain all of your physical energy. However, if you overindulge, your energy levels are likely to plummet again. If nothing else, you will have learned a valuable lesson about the importance of moderation, especially now. Don't overdo it! Do you feel a little under the weather, Taurus? It's possible, considering all the emotional turmoil you've been through lately. It takes time to recover from those storms. As you know, the work itself isn't what gets you down but rather your worries about the future that drain your energy. Give yourself a break today. Take some time for rest and recuperation. There is some likelihood that the mood at home is fraught with tension, Gemini. Did you dare to express some contrary intellectual opinion? In any case, it looks like your self-confidence is stronger than usual right now. Go ahead and express any complaints or opinions you may have been keeping to yourself. But try and do it gently, especially where your family is concerned. It would seem that your sensitivity is in slight conflict with your actions, Cancer. You continue to go through the motions and do what you planned to do, but it seems like your heart isn't in it anymore. Don't ask yourself why. It's just that you've worked hard and have been thinking hard lately. You have reached your limit and it's time for you to rest. You may have been spending or saving too much money, Leo. It's clear that a rebalancing is in order if you're to find pleasure rather than eternal frustration. It's a curious phenomenon. It's as though you have lost contact with your body. Yet it's in your body where you will ultimately find your balance. You certainly won't find it in your head! You've been stamping the ground impatiently. You're waiting for the moment to jump into new adventures with renewed vigor after your meditation of the last few months. Virgo, know that the moment has almost arrived! You now have the strategy, objective, and means at your disposal to succeed. Just a bit more work remains. Gather your strength and get ready for action! If you find yourself tired and irritable now, Libra, you should know that this is normal. You may have had a few months that were a little too studious. Would you like to continue with the same rhythm? Be careful that your ambitions don't lead you to physical exhaustion. If you get sick, you will be even more frustrated. So be wise and take care of your own basic needs. This is going to be a good moment to look elsewhere, Scorpio. You should do just as the artist does when he has worked on a painting for too long, which is take a step back. You need to see some people, travel, go to the theater, and clear your head. This is never easy for you, but don't hesitate. You will realize afterward that it was the best thing for you to do. This is the right moment to extricate yourself from relationships that have seen their day, Sagittarius. This won't be easy, but you must. In your professional and private lives, you're too hesitant to get out of distasteful situations or obligations. You're afraid of hurting people or making them mad. But in the end, you're hurting yourself. Give more weight to your own needs and follow your own path. You took off like a bullet a few days ago, Capricorn, making great progress in a short amount of time. But now you're grappling with doubts that are undermining all your energy. Reflecting on the events of the past few days, it's obvious that you were somewhat reckless in your headlong pursuit of your goals. Don't give up! Just rethink your strategy. There is some likelihood that thoughts of your love life will haunt you today, Aquarius. Perhaps you're intrigued by the idea of exploring certain realms of your relationship that remain secret, but you're unsure how to communicate this to your mate. Perhaps you're still testing the waters, waiting until you're sure of how you feel. In any case, you may make a decision to proceed! Today more than ever you will yearn to escape from the daily routine. You're thirsty for new sights and sounds, new faces and places. However, you're well aware that you must juggle your desires with your professional or domestic obligations. It isn't always easy, but you should trust your imagination to suggest a way to amicably settle this conflict. Ready to help a friend reveal a surprise? Bet you are. You've known this was coming for ages, and even though no one else has officially been told just yet, you know they're guessing, and you're feeling more than just a tad smug and happy about it all, too. Just be sure to let the actual source of the message deliver the happy news -- it's only fair. You can still have your share of congratulatory hugs. It's time for some lovely surprises of a completely, totally romantic nature. Putting up with all this attention, of course, will be just awful for you, but do try to force yourself to bear the pressure. You can handle it. It's your job and you've learned it well. Make sure you don't leave the house unkempt -- you never know who's watching and waiting. Just about everything that comes out of your mouth is blunt, incredibly honest, and oh, so surprising. It's never much of a shock to those who know and love you. They're used to it, and they adore you for it. For those who aren't quite so familiar with you and your startling verbal style, your tactics today could come as something of a shock. Do try to be gentle. The heavens have seen fit to get you intimately connected with someone who'll be willing to let their hair down, unafraid to express their innermost feelings and absolutely eager to partner up. If you're already attached to them, it's time to get even closer. If not, don't you dare cancel that date, even if it's a blind date. This could actually be the real thing. You are optimistic and
enthusiastic. You have a reckless tendency to rely on luck since you have no talent whatsoever. The majority of Sagittarians are drunks. Nixon was a Sagittarian. You are not worth the time of day. The tricky part of the juicy secret that's about to be whispered into your ear is that you may need to keep it that way for at least a few more weeks -- and as wonderful as you'll be feeling once you've heard it, that may not be easy. Still, though -- think of how wonderful you'll feel about letting the cat out of the bag when you finally do (and of how smug you'll feel). You're grinning already, aren't you? If anyone loves the new, different and unusual in life -- and that applies to people, places and things (as long as they're interesting, and, more importantly, fun) -- it's you. You're famous for it. Well, the heavens have decided to give you all that and more now, so get ready. Some wonderful diversions are on the way. One of those detours may even arrive in human form -- the kind that's not too hard on the eyes. Are you in a spot? Someone's ready to help when spontaneous and high-spirited cooperation abounds under the Aries Moon. Problems previously repressed or ignored surface under tonight's square between the Moon and Mercury. Apply a reflective mind and a heart filled with love to solving the issues. Maybe it's those prairies that stretch to the horizon, or the endless miles of fenceless freedom. Whatever it is, most Sagittarians love the West. If you don't live there or can't get there, you can still bring a bit of that rodeo vibe into your world. Fringe up. Try the dangly stuff on a suede dress rather than the tried and tested vest. Turn up (the volume). Dance a two-step to Cassadee Pope or Lady Antebellum. Buckle up. Nothing says "Wild West" like hefty silver and turquoise hardware on your belt.
Saddle up. Find a riding stable near you. Rustle up. Get your partners together for a BBQ. If you're involved in an occupation similar to that of your mother or father, Aries, today you may question if the choice was yours or preordained. Did you take this career path of your own volition? If not, what is it that you should really be doing with your professional life? You feel rebellious and yearn for more independence. You might want to find more freedom within the confines of your existing career. Most people form their opinions on the basis of what they're told by a few people who supposedly know what they're talking about. Certain ideas become fashionable. Today, Taurus, you have no patience for these tendencies. In fact, you're tempted to use vulgar language just to shock the pseudo-intellectuals out of their complacency. Alas, you can't do it. They will simply raise an eyebrow and turn away. If you're involved with theater, dance, or painting, the day ahead will be a bright one for you, Gemini. You feel a strong desire to bring people together in pursuit of some artistic endeavor. Listen to your longings. You're likely to be a sharp talent scout, or at the very least, a person who is able to enhance other people's talents. Today you can expect to have some disagreements with your partner or friend, Cancer. You may overreact. If you do, it's only because the climate of the last few days has made you feel more vulnerable than usual. It's your tendency when faced with tension to be the first to back down. Try not to do it this time. Sometimes self-sacrifice comes at too high a cost. Today you will be confrontational, Leo. This comes after several weeks of holding yourself back from openly criticizing other people. You have especially strong feelings concerning anything that touches activities outside of the family. An explosion is imminent and likely unavoidable. Go ahead and express yourself. You will all be best friends again tomorrow! You must be wondering what in the world is going on? On the one hand, you have humanistic and harmonious thoughts about your family and work environment. On the other hand, you also have a deep desire to destroy everything in order to start fresh! You will have to choose. In any case, given the current climate and the fire inside you, any sort of compromise will prove difficult. Don't go overboard! You may be planning for the future, Libra, yet find yourself needing to make choices that will resonate far beyond the next few months. It's possible that you will have to consider sending your children to a new school, for example, or decide to move across the country. These are big decisions, to be sure, but trust that you won't be making them alone. Your loved ones have a say in these matters! You can expect to be volatile today, Scorpio! No one will dare contradict you or insinuate that you've taken your ideas from others. You have the potential to get really angry. Rather than say things you might later regret, write down your thoughts. And if you do feel the need to make a speech, do it in public. Don't hesitate to speak up for what is right, Sagittarius, even if it means confronting someone with power. So be it. The slightest injustice can't be tolerated. When you voice your opinion, as you feel compelled to do, it makes others respect you. This has been a long time coming, and it does you a tremendous amount of good! Capricorn, no one has ever accused you of being overly diplomatic. In fact, since you have no compunction about saying what you think, your mouth regularly gets you into trouble. It's true that your verbal outbursts often relieve tension in tight situations, but there are times when kind words are a more effective way to get a point across. Why not try it? There's some likelihood you'll become irritated with someone close to you today, Aquarius. Just who do they think they are, anyway? How insulting to put on such an act, especially considering how long you've known each other. Whatever you fight about, at the heart of it is your frustration and concern that your friendship may end. Try not to overreact. Express yourself mildly. Something's gotten into you today, Pisces. An iconoclastic imp inside you is determined to tear down every convention, especially in the art world. Why are you so furious with orthodoxy? Did you dream that an imitator stole one of your ideas and made a fortune with it? If you were an art critic, we would expect you to sing the praises of the vanguard. You're practical and persistent.  You have a
dogged determination and work like hell.  Most people think you are
stubborn and bullheaded.  In actually, you are nothing but a damn
communist. You have an inventive mind and are inclined
to be progressive.  You lie a lot.  On the other hand, you are inclined
to be careless and impractical, causing you to make the same mistakes
repeatedly.  Everyone thinks you are stupid. You have a vivid imagination and often think you are being followed by the CIA, KGB, and FBI.  You have a minor
influence over associates and people resent you for flaunting your
power.  You lack confidence and are generally afraid to do anything. 
Pisces people often have sex with small animals. You are the planner type and hold most people in contempt.  You are quick tempered, impatient, and scornful of advice. You are a prick. You are a quick and intelligent thinker. 
People like you because you are rich.  However, you are inclined to
expect too much for too little.  This means you are cheap.  Geminis are
notorious for thriving on incest. You are sympathetic and understanding to
other people's problems.  They think you are a sucker.  You are always
putting things off, and that is why you will always be on welfare and
never worth a dime. You consider yourself a born leader, while
others think you are pushy.  Most Leos are bullies.  You are vain and
cannot take criticism.  Your arrogance is disgusting.  Leo people are
thieving bastards. You are the logical type and hate disorder. 
This nitpicking is excessive and sickening to your friends.  You are
cold and unemotional and often fall asleep while making love.  Virgos
make excellent bus drivers and pimps. You are the artistic type and have a difficult time with reality.  If your are a man, you are more than likely too happy. Changes of employment and monetary gains are excellent.  Most Libra
women make excellent whores.  All libras will eventually die of veneral
disease. You are optimistic and enthusiastic.  You
have a reckless tendency to rely on luck since you lack talent.  The
majority of saggitarius are drunks and dope fiends.  People laugh at
you a great deal because you are always getting fucked. You are conservative and afraid of taking risks.  You don't do much of anything and are lazy.  There has never been a capricorn of any importance.  Capricorns should avoid standing
still for very long periods of time, as they tend to attract pigeons. Need a break from all the high drama and fast-paced living? Love planet Venus glides into Aquarius and your grounded sixth house on Wednesday, December 7, ending a four-week romp through your amped-up fifth house. Not that you haven’t enjoyed much of it—especially if there were romantic benefits. But you’re also ready to get your boots back on terra firma and tend to that growing list of to-do’s. Until January 3, Venus wings her way through Aquarius and your sixth house of healthy living and daily routines—also the sector associated with your organized sign. How wonderful will it feel to get back in a groove with your meals, work, exercise and REM cycles? Since Venus also rules beauty, you have the planet’s permission to treat yourself to a few re-stabilizing massages and acupuncture sessions. Rock the athleisure when you’re not in your party clothes so you can be ready for a workout at a moment’s notice. When you’re eating right and moving your body, you feel better AND your lit-from-within glow just radiates. Single Virgos could meet someone in line at the juice joint or on the adjacent treadmill, so pay attention—and smile if you’re feeling flirtatious. Because the sixth house rules service, volunteering can be a win-win: You’re helping others and, should you meet a kind-hearted single soul, you’ll do wonders for your own life. In a relationship? This pragmatic Venus cycle won’t necessarily be the most swing-from-the-chandeliers exciting, but it can herald some legitimate bonding experiences. Being there for one another through the stress of holiday prep—even baking or co-hosting a meal for your blended families—can make the mundane feel magical. And in the long run, that sort of support tends to count more when it comes to building a lasting relationship.

Wednesday’s quarter moon in Pisces and your seventh house of partnerships will also bring your closest relationships up for review. You love them, you love them not: Such is the nature of intimacy, but are any of these connections feeling a bit lopsided? You’re a helpful soul by nature, but draining yourself to prove that you care is no way to go. Rather than raging about how you give and give and GIVE, simply restrain yourself. This will create a space for other people to step forward and stop taking you for granted. And if they don’t, are they really the kind of people you want in your life anyway? You could also dabble in the art of asking for what you need. Practice makes perfect here. Are you feeling guilty or pressured about receiving from someone who adores you? Press pause and make sure the scorecard doesn’t get too uneven. As awkward as it may be, you might have to tell someone, “Thank you for all the generosity and gifts, but I’m feeling like I can’t give back in kind.” Honesty is the best policy.

Over the weekend, domestic duties take priority. The Sun and heavyweight Saturn make their annual conjunction on Saturday—and in Sagittarius, your home and family sector to boot. Call the plumber to fix the leaky tub before your water bill gets insane, or you wind up with a winter flood. An important female figure may be feeling a lack of attention. But is she making unreasonable demands? Have a talk about expectations, and if you can’t give quantity, aim for quality time. On that note, do you have enough privacy and personal space under your roof? Honor your need for regenerative solitude. If you’re feeling a bit glum or stressed out, it may be a direct result of you not having a proper RDA of “me time.” Go indulge in your favorite solo activity this weekend, pamper yourself with a salon treatment or massage, or lose yourself in a good book. You’ll have far more patience for your inner circle once you do. In extreme cases, you may even decide to rearrange your home or change your living situation so that you find your little patch of peace. On a brighter note, an important lady could come into your world near Saturday, someone who can help you ascend the ladder of success. Keep your radar on for these “womentor” figures.The nice thing about being part of a team is that there is give and take all along life's journey. When one half of the team is not doing so well, likely the other half is thriving and vice versa. Taken together, you two balance each other out beautifully. Unfortunately, lately you may have allowed yourself to lose sight of just how good your relationship is. If you are feeling eager to bring about change, remember that change simply for the sake of change will do nothing to enhance your happiness. You already have everything you need.You really need some rest. Even though you have a list of tasks and errands a mile long, see if you can leave some of them for later. All signs indicate that you should not stray too far from home today, if you can possibly help it. You are easily distracted, making you prone to accidents. Behind the wheel of a car is not the place for you to be right now. Stay home and tackle all those little chores you've been meaning to get to.

